Write your reflection here.

See reflection.md for what makes a good reflection — be specific, use the
terminology from this assignment (package, module, ETL, coercion, public API,
relative import, accumulator, group by, unit vs. integration test), and make it
actionable.

'''
This assignment was a lot more difficult than I was expecting. Starting with 
the negatives: 
The hardest thing that I experienced was trying to locate how to
successfully follow from page to page without being able to do it all at once. I 
kept having to ask the chat bot about specific commands that would help me run 
the tests that I needed so I didn't get too far ahead with problems. In the 
beginning, locating how to use find the testing terminal (even tho I knew how to)
was my biggest set back. I had to continously use pytest and different test 
functions in the terminal itself. The testing panel was showing an error for a 
while. But once I was able to figure out my problem it went much smoother. 

Secondly, the repition of having to repeat 'from sales_pipeline import (xxxx)' into 
multiple programs through me for a little loop because I didn't know which ones needed 
it until I was able to write all of the codes and run their tests as a whole. This showed
me the benefits of having a centralized database in the beginning of each program (ie. 
transform.py, extract.py, display.py and __init__py) as well as each of the report 
sections. By making it as few functions as possible really helped me out here. 

Finally, the last challenege that I delt with in this assignment was following the flow 
of instructions provided on each page. Thankfully, much of this lab was trying to use 
the clues and hints provided and testing which ones worked and which didn't. Updating 
software, making sure everything was up to date, and that I wasn't repeating any parts. 
I did this lab in the span of about 3 hours over 2 days which made me have to go back 
and remember what parts of each module I had completed already. 
  
What went well (new understandings):
The ETL separation took a little while to clean up. Splitting sales_pipeline into 
modules by responsibility meant extract.py only focused on handing over raw rows of 
untouched data, transform.py used all of the previous calculations without printing 
anything, and display.py focused on printing and formating correctly. Because of that 
understanding, the coercion of how the pages worked helped paying off my work and 
comprehension of the assignment. 

I learned how to use read the errors that came to me, like what sorting keys and
group lists meant in the output. This allowed me to track back in a more efficient way. 
The benfits of collapsing many rows into one row per value of a column, helping grouping 
each of the relative imports in an easier way. Using a because a top-level script showed 
me the benefits of including a parent package at the top of a page to help what part needed
more attention to resolve.

Still want to work on (continue learning):
Building my own public API, this was one of the most helpful parts in the assignment. 
When I felt like I was confused and needed to go back, I was able to track the __init__py
module to give me more information about what was done, so through process of elmination 
I was able to keep pressing forward. 

Finally, I used both Claude Code and the class Chatbot to help me learn about what was 
wrong when I got an error that I didn't understand. I want to continue working on pushing
past by myself before turning to AI to help me solve something. This could be said about 
anything but specifically with something as complicated as straight code, this would help
me learn more about coding in VScode and Python specifically. 